docs: update limiter docs (#1817)
emqtt/emq-docs-cn: en_US/rate-limit/rate-limit.md

# Rate limit

EMQX allows for specifying limits on connection speed and messaging speed, using a backpressure scheme that avoids system overload at the entry point and guarantees system stability with predictable throughput.

## Limiter Types

EMQX uses the following types of limiters to specify the rate limits:

| Type          | Description                               | Post-Overload Behavior          |
| :------------ | :---------------------------------------- | :------------------------------ |
| bytes_rate    | Incoming message size in bytes per second per client | Pause receiving client messages |
| messages_rate | Incoming messages per second per client             | Pause receiving client messages |
| max_conn_rate | Connections per second per listener                     | Pause receiving new connections |

> Limiter can work on the listener level. For example, to set a Limiter for the default TCP listener, you can work with the code below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Limiter can work on the listener level. For example, to set a Limiter for the default TCP listener, You can configure it in emqx.conf as follows:
```

# Rate limit

EMQX allows for specifying limits on connection speed and messaging speed, using a backpressure scheme that avoids system overload at the entry point and guarantees system stability with predictable throughput.

## Limiter Types

EMQX uses the following types of limiters to specify the rate limits:

| Type          | Description                               | Post-Overload Behavior          |
| :------------ | :---------------------------------------- | :------------------------------ |

> | bytes_rate    | Incoming message size in bytes per second | Pause receiving client messages |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| bytes_rate    | Incoming message size in bytes per second  per client | Pause receiving client messages |
```

> | messages_rate | Incoming messages per second              | Pause receiving client messages |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| messages_rate | Incoming messages per second  per client             | Pause receiving client messages |
```

> | max_conn_rate | Connections per second                    | Pause receiving new connections |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| max_conn_rate | Connections per second  per listener                    | Pause receiving new connections |
```

> ## Configure Limiter on Listener

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

EMQX can specify the limit on access speed and message speed, this is a backpressure scheme that avoids system overload from the entrance and guarantees system stability and predictable throughput.

## Limiter Types

EMQX limiter currently supports the following types:

| Type              | Description                                             | Post-Overload Behavior            |
| :---------------- | :------------------------------------------------------ | :-------------------------------- |
| bytes_rate        | Incoming message size in bytes per second               | Pause receiving client messages   |
| messages_rate     | Incoming messages per second                            | Pause receiving client messages   |
| max_conn_rate     | Connections per second                                  | Pause for new connections         |

## Useage
                                      
### Setup Limiter for a Listener

It's easy to set limiters for listeners by adding the type directly to the listener configuration.
 
```bash
listeners.tcp.default {
  bind = "0.0.0.0:1883"

>   max_connections = 1024000

Reviewer 3: we should delete `max_connections`. This can be misleading to users
